hello YouTube top place off here and
today I'm gonna show how to recover your
PC screen for free and in HD - with this
program which I will show you you will
can record the videos like mine or video
games ok let's start first go to open
your browser and go to Microsoft
downloads or click on the link in the
description this is the link the program
which I will show you is the Microsoft
expression and culture for select your
language and click download and click
save file now when you downloaded it go
to find the Installer this instead of
the program open it
no click accept click Next
chose yes or no and click again next and
click install you will wait up all the
meet
he said
and quick finish now search and find the
Microsoft expression and culture for
screen capture and open it this is a
recorder
and you you can't make it too many times
video you want but you allowed it to
make only 10 mins video for every time
for example if you have to make an 20
minute video you must make two parts the
first part for ten minutes and the
second part for the others ten minutes
to edit options click on this button and
to record your screen click on this
button now in this stage this stage is
the capture Widow you make it smaller or
bigger now click on record on this
button to record your screen and click
OK
now to stop the video press
control-shift
of 12 when you record the video if you
did not like it
you can click delete or if you like like
you video click sense where cutter
this is a file of the video now to
encode the video click save job file you
must change file location click saved
your file and click on desktop now go to
file and click encode select item you
will wait about 20 seconds
and now close the program now open the
file on your desktop and open the
windows metafile
this is a video which I recorded it
and this is the program to record video
games or tutorials vlogs thanks for
watching and please subscribe and like